---
title: "TIL"
date: "2021-02-17"
---

### 1 
**React useReducer()**
- You can alternatively use useReducer() when you have to manage the multiple states together or using the old states.
- To use useReducer(), you have to define a reducer that includes a set of a type and an action and returns the updated state.
- And you have to dispatch the action by calling dispatch() and pass the value that should be updated into the state. React dispatches the object you passed to state updating logic.
- The advantage of using useReducer is that you can manage all state-related logic in one place. You need to fix a code only in the reducer when there's need to change the logic of state update.
- It is not related to Redux, which is the one of the state management librarNFy, at all.

acedemind react course section 26\
<https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-reference.html#usereducer>\
<https://css-tricks.com/getting-to-know-the-usereducer-react-hook>\
<https://css-tricks.com/understanding-the-almighty-reducer>\

### 2
**React useContext()**
- It is a hook of Context component.
- Context component enables to use global state without passing the state redundantly through child components.
- To use, you have to import and initialize context object by calling useContext() and passing state or logic as the parameter.
- You can set a scope of providing context by wrap the component with `<Provider.fooContext>` .
- You can use the context by importing the context provider function which is exported from the module and wrap the consumer with `<Consumer.barContext>`. The more easy way is to import `useContext` module and initialize with the context provider as a variable.

acedemind react course section 26\
<https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-reference.html#usecontext>