---
title: "TIL"
date: "2021-02-21"
---

### 1 
**Environment Record**
- It is a record of useful information when the code which has a certain syntax is executed.
- The act of recording is required to track accessible identifiers inside of the function or block statement or try and catch clause.
- There're a lot of records that can be existed, and every record has its \[[outerEnv]] field, which is either null or a reference to an outer environment record.
- For example, if a function has two nested functions, each function has its environment record which includes the outer environment currently evaluated.
- Environment records are purely specification-level mechanisms, so you cannot directly access or manipulate such values in ECMAScript implmentation.

<https://tc39.es/ecma262/#sec-executable-code-and-execution-contexts>

### 2
**Function Environment Records**
- This is a type of declarative environment record that is used to represent a top-level scope of function.
- If the function is not an arrow function, the record provides a `this` binding.
- "If the function is not an arrow function and references `super`, its record also includes the state that is used to perform super method invocations from within the function."

<https://tc39.es/ecma262/#sec-function-environment-records>
<https://tc39.es/ecma262/#table-additional-fields-of-function-environment-records>

### 3
**Module Environment Records**
- It is a type of declarative environment record that is used to represent the outer scope of an ECMAScript Module.
- It shares most of the specifications and methods of function environment record.

<https://tc39.es/ecma262/#sec-module-environment-records>
