---
title: "TIL"
date: "2021-02-21"
---

### 1 
**Hoisting**
- A behavior of pushing the variable declarations up to the uppermost part of the scope to collect the identifiers to the environmentRecord. The initialization part is still remained.
- JS engine hoists a variable declaration or function declaration to know the identifiers required ahead of executing the code.

Jaenam Jeong, Core JavaScript, 2. Execution Context

### 2
**Function exprsession in JS**
```
const foo = function () { //body of the function };
const bar = function bar() { //body of the function };
const arrow = function () => { //body of the function };
```
- Like the examples above, the function expression declares a function and assigns the function as a value to the variable.
In a runtime, only declaration parts of the expression `const foo;` are hoisted, and the assignment part `foo = function () {..}` remains to its location. 
- For that reason, if you call the function `foo` above the expression sentence, you'll get a `foo is not a function` error becuase `foo` is declared but the value is not assigned yet.
- Using a function expression is a safe way to prevent mixing up function declarations redundantly that cause unintended errors.

Jaenam Jeong, Core JavaScript, 2. Execution Context

### 3 
**Function declaration in JS**
```
function foo(a, b) {
	return a+b;
}
foo(2, 4) //6
```
- It is a basic way of declaring a function. It is as known as 'function statement'.
- It consists of the `function` keyword, function name, parameters to pass in, and a pair of parenthesis and the body of the function.
- The function declaration is hoisted by the JS engine. To be precise, the hoisting is occured when the engine collects the identifier information(environmentRecord). 
- So you can use the function anywhere anytime if you use the function declaration to define a function.

Jaenam Jeong, Core JavaScript, 2. Execution Context (44p)