---
title: "TIL"
date: "2021-02-14"
---

### 1 
**React useState()**
- `function useState<S>(initialState: S | (() => S)): [S, Dispatch<SetStateAction<S>>];`
- useState() is a function to **set the initial state**of the component.
- useState() can have a default value or callback function that returns the default value as the first argument.
- useState() returns an array of the current state and a function to update the state. The function takes the previous state as a parameter and returns a newly updated object.

acedemind react course section 26\
<https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-reference.html#usestate>

### 2
**React Hooks**
- It is introduced because conversing functional components into class-based components could be cumbersome.
- React hooks == functional components + lifecycle hooks + customizability = reusability
- It has a naming rule like 'useFoo()', and React recognizes this type of naming as hooks.
- To put it simply, it is for "exposing" stateful components to let the other components use them. So you can share the state, lifecycle hooks across the functional components with customized hooks.

acedemind react course section 26\
<https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-intro.html>

### 3
**Array Destructuring**
- It pulls an array or an object out of a variable like below:
```
const [foo, bar] = [10, 20]
const [foo1, bar1] = {foo1: 'apple', bar1: 'banana'}
const {foo2, bar2, ...rest} = {foo2: 10, bar2: 20, foo3: 30, bar4: 40} 
// foo2: 10, bar2: 20, rest: {foo3: 30, bar4: 40}
```
- To be concise, it is enabled by the destructuring _assignment_ which is the syntax to makes it possible to unpack from arrays or objects or properties from es6.
- The _rest_ properties collect the remain enumerable keys from the object.
- You have to wrap the statement with a parenthesis when using literal destructuring like below:
```
var foo, bar;
({foo, bar} = {foo: 'apple', bar: 'banana'})
```
acedemind react course section 26\
<https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Destructuring_assignment>